Add --no-trace-compares flag (#288)
rust-fuzz/cargo-fuzz: CHANGELOG.md

### Added

* Added the `--no-trace-compares` flag which opts out of the
  `-sanitizer-coverage-trace-compares` LLVM argument.

>   Using this may improve performance at the cost of worse fuzzing accuracy.
>   It also allows older CPUs lacking the `popcnt` instruction to use cargo-fuzz;
>   the `*-trace-compares` instrumentation assumes that the instruction is
>   available.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Using this may improve fuzzer throughput at the cost of worse coverage accuracy.
  It also allows older CPUs lacking the `popcnt` instruction to use `cargo-fuzz`;
  the `*-trace-compares` instrumentation assumes that the instruction is
  available.
```
